Update DG (#124)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F08-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   1. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

>    2. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts. The window size may not be optimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample Udders. The window size may not be optimum.
```

2. Saving window preferences

   1. Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

   2. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
       Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.

> ### Deleting a person

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deleting an Udder
```

> 1. Deleting a person while all persons are being shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deleting an Udder while all Udders are being shown
```
